Clarify Limit IP address setting affects all authenticated users. (#308)
artefactual/atom-docs: admin-manual/security/application.rst

AtoM's :term:`user interface` also has some security settings that can be 
configured by an :term:`administrator`, such as the ability to require strong

> passwords, or limiting authenticated abilities to a specific IP or range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
passwords, or limiting the ability to view pages that require authentication to a specific IP or range.
```
